Hey not copyrighted but not sponsored by
not sponsored by Burger King it's
punctured my juice you you hear that
no it's sponsored by you do not put that
out okay since I kick you right here I
won't cut that out I will keep it in
because you're faithful don't know
orange because of the lighting yo the
lighting section oh look at all these
people look at the rain look at where
we're at I wonder where we are
Andrew where are we oh yeah you realize
I'll set on camera right here that's
what I mean Angie is a girl consumed
here and you realize that you said that
and did you set that on camera we can do
it some people yeah all right I'm gonna
dance on the table but you can't tell
anybody
yeah in a video again yeah tell that to
my 11 subscribers
hello 11 subscribers I would never dance
on the table in restaurant
yeah you would I wouldn't I used to
managers won't think I would note here
take me from there
Oh guys this is Linnaeus it makes me
awkward
I would tackle doing it doesn't make it
awkward how does that work I don't know
I don't know either how does it work
comment down below how that works this
struggle is real how does it work tell
us comment down below down below how
much you know the word a commercial guy
there's like yeah like if I said like
bigger voices they're like comment down
below and tell us how it works really in
the very looking how does that embarrass
no yep do it that's in there was your
best for voice right now you're on the
spot right now everyone's know you
allows grammars you look you know I know
where should we go
possible or possibly I'm going to share
the two don't base because everyone's
going to feed it every long bless you do
your commercial voice no oh there it is
man it was your best commercial would
know so pretty good open it why Lena
your best commercial voice ah
you wouldn't hear a thing Oh odd camera
that's commercial wood on camera this is
where YouTube channel you gotta go see
about 11 subscribers are going you gotta
get it all hey why are we doing what
okay so what am i oh because they all
completed their Bible study
oh they're 10 weeks I'm already linear
yeah has actually been the perfect some
of you actually thought you yeah me come
on come on
your mommy loves it yeah she thinks
would be great for you she would hate it
right now we have so much work I do
maybe I was doing short ones even now
the camera for you is that because how a
super that's good you can do it up to
revert I know but hey we met and I got
along with subscribers because she's
sick yeah yeah oh not say well yeah she
says I should go you're seeing you know
what you don't think she's on drugs and
be Morgan Lee watching that they're
going to be like ah explain yeah yeah
you got it we got to explain everything
I've YouTube guys yeah you do you got it
clinically because they're people
comments on ballistics enough yes I will
have a video chat I just it's now day in
the life of the leaders oh yeah lovers
and just what I should title this video
right now not really cuz they needed to
pull me around the office again you know
everything great trip Dairy Queen but we
haven't done a Bible so in a while
because holiday times are just like whoa
and even now it's and then we had G to
you and now we're going to California
you can go in your wrong I stock love so
we you got a really a year to like yeah
my good Peter wants to go back to like
1:30 every young person Papa put up she
borders out you
bhikshu eyes there's two videos on stuff
I know one money that you can do that
now now yeah is like one better than
Facebook now we hope you get my numbers
a fun game enough what